Hi Dominik, where did you live before moving here?
I lived in Munich for 20 years.
Did you also work there?
Yes I worked at Siemens.
Did you work there on the topic of energy?
No I worked at Healthcare.
Nice, what exactly did you there?
I was responsible for the development of CT.
For how many people were you responsible?
I was all in all for about 150 people responsible. I have now to leave you, I am out for a coffee.
Have a nice day!

Hi Dominik, you told me last time you worked in Munich, right?
Yes, great that you can remember this fact.
I expect you have there no condominium?
No unfortunatley not, I have to pay a monthly rent.
Oh, it must have been quite expensive with a average rent of 17.5Euro per m^2.
You are right, quite expensive.
Nevertheless I am sure you visted the sightseeings of Munich very often. How many times where you in the Englischer Garten?
I can't count it. It was such a nice place.
I recommened to visit it this weekend again!
Yes I will, bye! Thanks for your advice.

Hi System, I bougth a new car!
Great! Which car brand?
Oh it is a used Mercedes A class.
Cool, the first A class was produced in 1998. How many kilometeres has it already?
Just 125.000km.
How old is your car?
It is ten years old.

You don't have any problems with the Elch Test?
No, thanks good not. My car is newer. And safe!
Yes, with airbags, ESP.
I feel now really safe.
Congratulations to your new car! 

I got a new pet yesterday.
Nice. What kind of?
A dog. A Berner Sennen  dog!
Cool, the dogs are nowadays used for searching people. They are good guardians dogs, too.
You are right. I want to give him a searching dog education. So he would be really useful.
Very good idea! What's his name?
I call him Bruno.
I wish you and Bruno all the best!

Hi Dominik! How are you and Bruno?
I am fine, but Bruno is ill.
Oh no, I hope he hasn't cancer like so many other dogs of his dog breed?
No he just get injured.
What happend?
He was searching an old man in a dark forest and didn't see this sharp-edged wood-part.
Oh I hope he is getting well soon. Did you have success with your search?
Finally yes.

It is 9 o'clock in the morning. Did you remember to take your BetaIdo [medicine] ?
Yes.
You know you have to take it before breakfast?
Yes I know.
Do you feel any pain in your legs? Or feel you nausea?
Not really, just a little bit nausea.
I will remember you to tell it the doctor next time.
Thanks.

Oh no, I am really afraid of finding a free parking slot today.
Don't be afraid. Right now there are about 250 free parking slots in the center of Passau.
Oh really?
Yes in the central garager are 150 free, in the Schanzl are 50 free, and in the city garage are 50 free.
Thank you so much!
You are welcome.

Hi System, I plan to go out with some friends today evening.
Nice, are you going out with Sevi, Sebi and Max?
Exactly! We'll start with Colors.
Nice! Remeber that it will open at 8 o'clock and that you can have a barbeque there.
Thanks for the reminder. 
Do you plan to make the Kneipentour?
Yes! Probably we'll do all the Kneipen on one evening.
Be careful not to get drunk!

Hi System, my grandson Stefan has birthday in two weeks. Do you have any idea for a present?
Yes, I have. You told me he like playing video games, so what about give him the new Civilization VI?
I don't know the game, but when you tell me it is a nice present, then I'll believe you.
I am sure Stefan will like the game.

Today I will make my big weekly drive to the supermarket. I want to cook Schnitzel Hawai and Pommes.
So you need three Schnitzel, one pineapple, chees, ham and some pepper. Fort he pommes you have to remember yourself to buy fries.
Thanks for this shopping list.
You are welcome.
